The most challenging part of my job is probably the most important as
a military person in general. And that's taking ownership of whatever
it is that you're doing, especially in new school. You actually have
toe go to the library, get the steam propulsion manual and start
reading, you know, left and right. You don't know something's And yeah,
you have some access to other people who know where the material
is, But they actually like force you to do a lot of research on your
on your own to do the homework on your own. I don't think Yeah, After
you start getting a certain G p a like 3.8 Onda above which I had,
they don't even expect you to do homework. They just have the tests
and say here, you know, you you study night and day Do do baby sit
you, um, in a school toe degree. So, for instance, if you're not doing
well, you know, you have, like, less than three point? No. Then
you have an extra 20 to 40 hours extra that they expect from you. I'm
I'm assuming that other, um, eight schools are similar, but maybe
not that intense. You know, maybe the material isn't quite as dense,
but, um, they do hold your hand through the education. You only have
yourself to blame if you don't go through that. But after the two
years of a school, uh, then they let you free. You're free to go and
especially nukes. They expect you toe, you know, be smart to accept
the training. Some of its really dense and you, you know, way above
your grade. Your pay grade. So, um, especially the first year, too.
They're talking about the top of the, um, aircraft carried all the
way to the bottom, to the left and right. And, you know, the electrons
that go into it, the things that they need to purchase and how the
Cellini cell works on the inside. And, you know some of those things
you you barely glossed over in a school. But now they're giving
you an in depth, um, rundown of each thing and it, you know, it just
goes over your head. But the fortunate thing is, you don't have to
memorize those things. I think a lot of it is just they just want you
to have some experience with it. And after two years or three years,
then you become a pro. And there's this, like path that you're supposed
toe, you know, adhere to the whole entire time for you to become
that pro. Um, so when you're going through it at the at the very,
very beginning, you're you're not sure about how much you're supposed
toe ingest. Technically, you could spend all watch just reading
all books, which is what they expect you to do, which is what they tell
you to dio, um, you could spend, um, you know, hours after your
eight hour workday just still reading and still not read enough. You
know, it's an infinite amount of material that should be covered. That's
gonna help you get promoted on the test. You know, the higher
your score like, let's say, um, you score really well and then you will
be promoted based on, like the percentage that you score above other
people. So, yeah, the cool thing is, there's a there's a range
for everyone. So if you don't score pretty well, then you know you get
promoted a little bit slower. And if you do, um, just read nonstop
constantly, then their path for you to become an officer toe get promoted
early. So, um yeah, As long as you take ownership of yourself,
then I think that that's probably one of the most challenging things
that you have is a military person in the new field.